feat: add information about test user identifiers and cron job (#128)
VerifiedInc/UnumID.github.io: docs/api-overview.mdx

While developing your integration you can use a dummy user account if you would like.

```json test
email: richard@piedpiper.net || richard.hendricks@verified.inc
phone: +10123456789 || +550123456789
```

By using these test identifiers you can authenticate to the wallet using a static OTP value of `111111`, allowing you to test the full flow of the integration more easily. We recommend using a proper test email or phone to recieve actual OTP authentication messages during the final stages of development.

:::caution

> Credentials issued to the test user will be deleted every day at 12am EST (UTC-5).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Credentials issued to the test user will be deleted every day at 07:00 UTC.
```

Reviewer: The cron only nukes the test users creds right? Not manually issued test creds by customeres?

Author: Yeah, just the test user creds
